Greetings everyone, here we are gonna
go over acronyms that we will use and
we will see a lot that has
to do with the DragonBoard.
>> So the three main
categories of acronyms that we
are gonna go over is pins, the ports, and
the components and Randy here will
start explaining the pins here.
>> Mm-hm.
So these are the list of the six
pins that appear on DragonBoard
on the expansion headers.
In this course we'll or in this,
in the following course
we'll mostly be going over the GPIO pins,
the general purpose input/output.
We'll touch upon the other ones, but like
I said we'll mostly be using the GPIO.
>> Right.
>> The following, so ports,
there's here this is the HDMI port this
is use to you know, connect your monitor.
We have two USB ports on
the DragonBoard which is
to connect any external peripheral
such as a keyboard or mouse.
We have the Micro USB right here.
This is used to connect your DragonBoard
to your computer so you can, I don't know,
upload an application or something.
>> Right.
>> And finally,
we have the DC power adapter,
which is located right here.
For this board we'll mostly be
using the 12 volt power supply?
>> Mm-hm, right.
That's about it, right there?
>> Yes.
And so the last thing we're gonna touch
here is the components and as you can see,
we have a bunch of components here,
the DragonBoard is pretty powerful.
Two things I wanna touch upon
here is the first thing is WiFi.
WiFi doesn't really stand for anything.
It was kind of a branding term that beat
out the IEEE 802.11 on standard there.
And then the second very important
thing I wanna touch upon is the ARM,
which stands for Advanced RISC Machine.
This board is special because
it actually runs the call com
Snap Dragon Quad Core ARM cortex
processor at 1.2 GigaHertz p.
It's a very powerful board and
these are the different components.
And so you can pause the video at any time
here and read though everything here, and
we'll see you on the next video when
we go over more general acronyms.